Challenge level based on personal contribution: Axolotl
I chose the Platypus level initially, and as the project progressed and complexity increased, I switched to Axolotl.
My responsibilities include:
• Connecting the two photons that were given to me by my teammates.
• Debugging the code using Chat GPT (and with the help of Professor Jeff).
• Identifying errors and issues that cause the two Photons to disconnect or the
sensor to malfunction etc.
Reflection:
Step 1: Evaluate the assigned topic:
Our team comprises three members: Jenny Du, Mingzhuo Gu, and me.
The challenge we were given is improving food preservation for Texas Fruit Farmers.
Step 2: research:
Factors we researched when given the challenge include:
• Types of fruits
• Regions with unique weather patterns (ex: Houston is more humid than other cities)
• Regions with different demographics (ex: underprivilege, secluded)
• Currently adopted methods by Texas fruit farmers
Based on our research, we compiled essential and relevant factors and pain points to analyze (see picture in the next page)

 Step 3: Synthesis:
There were a lot of problems that were occurring in farming in Texas. It was challenging to identify and focus on one specific gap that we could minimize. However, as a Texan, I know the common problems are extreme weather, including the sudden change from hot to freezing.
In addition, Texas is known for having electrical grid issues, as seen in February 2021 when Texas' energy supply chain experienced equipment failures and went offline. The electrical grid failure impacted not only the food storage but also many individual lives for a week.

Step 4: Connecting what we looked at and how these combined affect the stakeholders:
Regions with different demographics that we looked at:
• Texas' electrical grid crisis is selective--in other words, it only impacts certain regions.
Texas power outage highlights inequalities in a few groups. The demographic that suffered the most from the power outage were underprivileged neighborhoods marginalized and secluded areas.
What we ended up focusing on is Texas fruit farmers in remote areas. Instead of trying to directly solve the entire power outage that affects the fruit farmers, we looked at ways to improve fruit preservation techniques all year round for remote fruit farmers in Texas using two-photon particles.
Regions with unique weather patterns that we looked at:
• Texas is a massive state with weather that varies from region to region. Houston is one of
the most humid cities in Texas. Therefore, we chose to focus on the remote and secluded farming regions with the same humidity as Houston
Step 5: Forming a design brief:
Now that we have synthesized our research and data. We formed our design brief:
• Texas, specifically Houston, is predominantly hot and humid while facing challenges
such as having limited cold storage facilities for non-corporate and local farmers. High temperature and humidity and limited cold storage affect the farmer's ability to preserve and store fruits. Farmers in remote areas lack the resources or training in the latest and most effective food preservation techniques, which increases the chance of fruit spoilage.
Objective:
• Identify a gap to develop a technology that monitors and measures variables such as
soil moisturizer, temperature, etc., to aid farmers with more effective fruit
preservation methods. Target Audience:
• Remote fruit farmers experience high humidity in secluded areas. These farmers live in rural areas that are distant from cold storage facilities.
Ideation:
• a microcontroller that monitors factors affecting fruit preservation to prolong its
freshness and lifespan, and minimize spoilage and waste.

Step 6: Sketching out our ideas:
The simple map below demonstrates how we plan to incorporate emergent technology tools--the Photon Particle--to create a digital ecosystem for our problem. This map only emphasizes the essential and primary function of how the two photons will work together to communicate and send signals to each other.
Then, we created a more complicated digital ecosystem map with more details and each specific feature.
The two maps demonstrate that the temperature sensor located in the storage house will detect any temperature or humidity that is unusual. Alert the farmer through Photon 1 so that the farmer is aware. The farmer can use Photon 2, a controller, to send commands and control the temperature of the storage area remotely.
  
Speculation on the future of this project:
The result of this project was impressive in terms of how much I could learn individually and as a team member. Our temperature monitor prototype encountered several issues mentioned in the video, such as the sensor malfunctioning and the two Photons not connecting. It would be interesting to develop these monitors to be cheaper and accessible to developing countries--to people who might not have access to refrigerators and are more vulnerable to experiencing food spoilage.

